README.md, before:

# vue-svg-sprite

![experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-experimental-red.svg?style=flat-square) [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vue-svg-sprite.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-svg-sprite)

> Vue.js directive to simply use SVG sprite

This version (1.0.1) is compatible with Vue.js 2.0 (thanks to [@lovethebomb](https://github.com/lovethebomb))

## Draft (wip)

This Vue.js plugin will add some attributes (`viewBox`, `width` and `height`) and the appropriate `<use>` to `<svg>` elements.

* Use an external SVG file
* Use `expression` or `symbol` attribute to link the correct `<symbol>`
* Use `size` attribute for `viewBox`, `width` and `height` (`<svg>`)
    - Comma or space separated values
    - 1, 2 or 4 values accepted
    - 1 value: x/y = 0, width = height (e.g.: 24)
    - 2 values: x/y = 0, width, height (e.g.: 24 24)
    - 4 values: x, y, width, height (e.g.: 0 0 24 24)
* Options:
    - `url`: path to external SVG file (default: `/assets/svg/sprite.svg`)
    - `class`: class for the SVG element (default: `icon`)

NB: If the className is already used (eg: via a modifier like `icon--inline`), the class option is not added…

## Setup

```js
import Vue from 'vue';
import SvgSprite from 'vue-svg-sprite';

Vue.use(SvgSprite);
```

## Usage

```html
<svg v-svg
     symbol="icons-dashboard"
     size="0 0 24 24"
     role="presentation"
     class="icon--inline"
></svg>
```

> `size` attributes gives the same output with `"24"`, `"24 24"` or `"0 0 24 24"`.

output:

```html
<svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" role="presentation" class="icon--inline">
  <use xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xlink:href="/assets/svg/sprite.svg#icons-dashboard"></use>
</svg>
```

## Options

| Option | Values | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| url | String | '/assets/svg/sprite.svg' | path to external SVG file |
| class | String | 'icon' | CSS class name |

```js
Vue.use(SvgSprite, {
  url: 'path/to/svg/file.svg',
  class: 'my-class',
});
```

-----

> To generate the SVG sprite file, you can use [gulp-svgstore](https://github.com/w0rm/gulp-svgstore) or [grunt-svgstore](https://github.com/FWeinb/grunt-svgstore).

-----

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/vue-svg-sprite.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-svg-sprite)

## Contributors

[@lovethebomb](https://github.com/lovethebomb)

## License

MIT, see [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/thierrymichel/vue-svg-sprite/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

:bug: fixed class addition :bulb: documented expression, inline svg + update stability badge

README.md, after:

# vue-svg-sprite

![experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/stability-stable-green.svg?style=flat-square) [![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vue-svg-sprite.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-svg-sprite)

> Vue.js directive to simply use SVG sprite

This version (1.0.1) is compatible with Vue.js 2.0 (thanks to [@lovethebomb](https://github.com/lovethebomb))

## Draft (wip)

This Vue.js plugin will add some attributes (`viewBox`, `width` and `height`) and the appropriate `<use>` to `<svg>` elements.

* Use an external SVG file
* Use `expression` or `symbol` attribute to link the correct `<symbol>`
* Use `size` attribute for `viewBox`, `width` and `height` (`<svg>`)
    - Comma or space separated values
    - 1, 2 or 4 values accepted
    - 1 value: x/y = 0, width = height (e.g.: 24)
    - 2 values: x/y = 0, width, height (e.g.: 24 24)
    - 4 values: x, y, width, height (e.g.: 0 0 24 24)
* Options:
    - `url`: path to external SVG file (default: `/assets/svg/sprite.svg`)
    - `class`: class for the SVG element (default: `icon`)

NB: If the className is already used (eg: via a modifier like `icon--inline`), the class option is not added…

## Setup

```js
import Vue from 'vue';
import SvgSprite from 'vue-svg-sprite';

Vue.use(SvgSprite);
```

## Usage

```html
<svg v-svg
     symbol="icons-dashboard"
     size="0 0 24 24"
     role="presentation"
     class="icon--inline"
></svg>
```

> you can use an expression rather than the `symbol` (`<svg v-svg="'icons-dashboard'"></svg>`).
> `size` attributes gives the same output with `"24"`, `"24 24"` or `"0 0 24 24"`.

output:

```html
<svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" width="24" height="24" role="presentation" class="icon--inline">
  <use xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xlink:href="/assets/svg/sprite.svg#icons-dashboard"></use>
</svg>
```

## Options

| Option | Values | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| url | String | '/assets/svg/sprite.svg' | path to external SVG file |
| class | String | 'icon' | CSS class name |

```js
Vue.use(SvgSprite, {
  url: 'path/to/svg/file.svg',
  class: 'my-class',
});
```

> If you want to use an inline SVG, set `url` option to `''`.

-----

> To generate the SVG sprite file, you can use [gulp-svgstore](https://github.com/w0rm/gulp-svgstore) or [grunt-svgstore](https://github.com/FWeinb/grunt-svgstore).

-----

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/vue-svg-sprite.png)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-svg-sprite)

## Contributors

[@lovethebomb](https://github.com/lovethebomb)

## License

MIT, see [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/thierrymichel/vue-svg-sprite/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
